Adding new card templates and updating changes in card templates (#1)
SAP-samples/mobile-cards-templates: Leave Request Card Template - Single Instance/README.md

# Leave Request Card

## Description

> Leave Request Card gives the status of the requested - leave requests of the past and an overview of the leave days the employee has left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leave Request Card gives the status of the leaves requested in the past and an overview of the number of leaves currently available to the employee.
```

> You can see the Leave Type, Leave Date, Available Leaves and Status of Leave requested among other details. You can also create leave request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the Leave Type, Leave Date, Available Leaves and Status of Leave requested among other details. You can also create a leave request.
```
